docs: lifecycle-operator non-blocking deployment functionality (#3123)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/docs/getting-started/lifecycle-management.md

[Deployment tasks](../guides/tasks.md)
page to find out more.

> To learn more about the non-blocking deployment functionality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about making pre-task and pre-evaluations non-blocking
```
